fix: Disallow `ComboBox` popup under translucent status bar (#11206)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/feature-flags.md

Use `Uno.UI.FeatureConfiguration.Font.MaximumTextScaleFactor` to control this. 

## ComboBox

### Default preferred placement

> By default, `ComboBox` popup is placed in such a way that the currently selected item is centered abocve the `ComboBox`. If you want to adjust this behavior on non-Windows targets, set the `DefaultDropDownPreferredPlacement` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ComboBox` popup is placed in such a way that the currently selected item is centered above the `ComboBox`. If you want to adjust this behavior on non-Windows targets, set the `Uno.UI.FeatureConfiguration.ComboBox.DefaultDropDownPreferredPlacement` property.
```

### Allow popup under translucent status bar

> By default, the `ComboBox` popup will not extend under the status bar even if it is set as translucent. If you want to change this behavior, set the `AllowPopupUnderTranslucentStatusBar` property to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `ComboBox` popup will not extend under the status bar even if it is set as translucent. If you want to change this behavior, set the `Uno.UI.FeatureConfiguration.ComboBox.AllowPopupUnderTranslucentStatusBar` property to `true`.
```
